new text on recovery (#100)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

{{I-D.bonaventure-iccrg-schedulers}} provides several general-purpose
packet schedulers depending on the application goals.

# Recovery

> Simultaneous use of multiple paths enables new techniques to cope with packet losses.
> When multiple paths are available, QUIC implementation can use
> different retransmission strategies to cope with losses.
> 
> Possible strategies include: a) retransmitting lost frames over the

Author: ```suggestion
Simultaneous use of multiple paths enables different 
retransmission strategies to cope with losses such as:
a) retransmitting lost frames over the
```

{{I-D.bonaventure-iccrg-schedulers}} provides several general-purpose
packet schedulers depending on the application goals.

# Recovery

Simultaneous use of multiple paths enables new techniques to cope with packet losses.

> In {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}, a lost packet can either be abandoned or retransmitted over the
> same path. However, when multiple paths are available QUIC implementation can use
> different retransmission strategies to cope with losses.

Author: ```suggestion
When multiple paths are available, QUIC implementation can use
different retransmission strategies to cope with losses.
```

> 

Reviewer: That's not actually true. In {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}, packets sent on a path before a migration can be resent on the new path after migration. Or, actually, "frames of packets sent on an old path and presumed lost may be resent in new packets on a new path after migration." I think that rather than making comments on QUIc-TRANSPORT, we should just keep the last sentence, "When multiple paths are available QUIC implementation can use
different retransmission strategies to cope with losses."

Author: Agreed.

{{I-D.bonaventure-iccrg-schedulers}} provides several general-purpose
packet schedulers depending on the application goals.

# Recovery

> Simmultaneous use of multiple paths enables new techniques to cope with packet losses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Simultaneous use of multiple paths enables new techniques to cope with packet losses.
```

> In {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}, a lost packet can either be abandoned or retransmitted over the same path once it has been
> detected as lost. However, when multiple paths are available for the retransmission
> QUIC implementation can use different strategies to cope with losses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}, a lost packet can either be abandoned or retransmitted over the
same path. However, when multiple paths are available QUIC implementation can use
different retransmission strategies to cope with losses.
```

A simple strategy is to retransmit a lost frame over the same path.

> Another straegy would be to use the best path, e.g. in terms of latency,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Another strategy would be to use the best path, e.g. in terms of latency,
```

or use a dedicated path to send retransmissions. Depending on the

> appliaction needs another strategy could also be to simultaneously

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
application needs another strategy could also be to simultaneously
```

retransmit a lost frame over its original path and another one,
however, this is not recommended for general purpose use due to

> the overhead but could be particualy beneficial for certain kind

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the overhead but could be particularly beneficial for certain kind
```

> A simple strategy is to retransmit a lost frame over the same path.
> Another strategy would be to use the best path, e.g. in terms of latency,
> or use a dedicated path to send retransmissions. Depending on the
> application needs another strategy could also be to simultaneously
> retransmit a lost frame over its original path and another one,
> however, this is not recommended for general purpose use due to
> the overhead but could be particularly beneficial for certain kind
> of data or frames. This document does not preclude a specific strategy,
> however, more detailed specification of any such strategy is out of scope.

Author: ```suggestion

Possible strategies include: a) retransmitting lost frames over the
same path, b) retransmitting lost frames on a different or
dedicated path, and c) duplicate lost frames on several paths (not
recommended for general purpose use due to the network
overhead). While this document does not preclude a specific
strategy, more detailed specification is out of scope.
```

> however, more detailed specification of any such stragtegy is out of scope.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
however, more detailed specification of any such strategy is out of scope.
```

> A simple strategy is to retransmit a lost frame over the same path.
> Another straegy would be to use the best path, e.g. in terms of latency,
> or use a dedicated path to send retransmissions. Depending on the
> appliaction needs another strategy could also be to simultaneously
> retransmit a lost frame over its original path and another one,
> however, this is not recommended for general purpose use due to
> the overhead but could be particualy beneficial for certain kind
> of data or frames. This document does not preclude a specific strategy,
> however, more detailed specification of any such stragtegy is out of scope.

Reviewer 2: I think this might make the text more easy to read.
```suggestion
Possible strategies include: a) retransmitting lost frames over the
same path, b) retransmitting lost frames on a different or
dedicated path, and c) duplicate lost frames on several paths (not
recommended for general purpose use due to the network
overhead). While this document does not preclude a specific
strategy, more detailed specification is out of scope.
```
